Added recognizing AF/FF to the docs (#202)
luxonis/depthai-hardware: docs/source/pages/guides/af_ff.rst

on your OAK camera, which needs to have bigger optics because color is less sensitive to light.  These bigger optics are
what result in the trade-offs below between vibration tolerance and close-in clarity.

> Recognizing AF/FF camera

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Recognizing AF/FF Camera
```

************************

If you aren't sure whether the OAK in front of you has Auto-Focus or Fixed-Focus color camera, you can recognize it by the

> silver metal ring on the auto-focus mechanicsm, as shown on the image below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
silver metal ring on the auto-focus mechanism, as shown in the image below.
```
